Add page summarizing our Cloud security measures (#1869)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/cloud-security.md

Access to Qdrant Cloud accounts can be configured with granular [Role-Based Access Control](/documentation/cloud-rbac/). [Premium customers](/documentation/cloud-premium/) can also enable Single Sign-On (SSO) with their identity provider.

[API keys](/cloud/authentication/) are not stored in plain text and can be rotated at any time. We recommend configuring an expiration and rotating your API keys regularly as a security best practice. They can also be configured with granular access control to limit their permissions to only the necessary operations.

### Hybrid Cloud

For the Qdrant Hybrid Cloud management plane, the same security considerations as for the Managed Cloud apply. However, since the data plane is running in your own infrastructure, you are responsible for the security of the underlying infrastructure. 

Hybrid Cloud was built for the most security minded organizations when "air gapped" is not a hard requirement it providers a similar developer and ops experience as Managed Cloud, while adhering to organizations overarching security protocols

Please refer to our [Hybrid Cloud documentation](/documentation/hybrid-cloud/) for more details.

> Qdrant clusters in Hybrid Cloud are also running in hardened containers with strict network policies. The databases are completely running on your infrastructure, within your network using your own controlled storage. Qdrant does not have any access to the database, the data in it, API keys, backups or to the database logs. Telemetry data and management instructions are shared with the Qdrant Cloud management plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Qdrant clusters in Hybrid Cloud also run in hardened, unprivileged containers with strict network policies. Clusters run entirely on your own infrastructure, within your network, with your own controlled storage. Qdrant does not have any access to the database, any stored data, API keys, backups or database logs. Telemetry data and details such as the cluster configuration are shared with Qdrant to allow the Qdrant Cloud Console to be used for administration.
```

### Private Cloud

> In Qdrant Private Cloud, Qdrant clusters run completely isolated and air-gapped within your infrastucture without any connection to the Qdrant Cloud management plane. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Qdrant Private Cloud, Qdrant clusters run completely isolated and air-gapped within your infrastucture without any connection to the Qdrant Cloud Console. 
```

Since no data or management instructions are shared with Qdrant, you are fully responsible for the security of the whole Qdrant Private Cloud installation. This also means that you do not benefit from all the integrated management and observability features of Qdrant Managed Cloud and Hybrid Cloud.

Please refer to our [Private Cloud documentation](/documentation/private-cloud/) for more details. We encourage you to weigh your security requirements against Hybrid Cloud before inquiring about Private Cloud.

Qdrant does not have any access to the database, the data in it, API keys, backups or to the database logs. No telemetry data is shared with Qdrant.

## Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) and Container Image Security

> We provide a Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) for the Qdrant database and Qdrant Cloud components running on your infrastructure in Qdrant Hybrid Cloud and Qdrant Private Cloud. An SBOM is attached to every released container image. You can inspect it with the tool of your choice, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide a Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) for all Qdrant cluster and Qdrant Cloud components running on your infrastructure in Qdrant Hybrid Cloud and Qdrant Private Cloud. An SBOM is attached to every released container image. You can inspect it with the tool of your choice, e.g.:
```
